Palestinians in Gaza know outrunning
Israeli bombs is futile but it doesn't
stop them from
trying our home was demolished and my
son was killed we fled and the bombing
lasted all night we came here from kanun
there is no proper shelter every time we
go to an area they target us
there families and strangers crowd
together intense in dear albala as the
Israeli military pushes ahead with its
ground assault further north
we ask for one thing stop this war stop
people suffering at any cost it is
terrible children are sleeping in the
cold I brought a disabled girl from
alour I struggle to bring her here
walking all this way with disabled
people and children this is the height
of suffering death would be more
merciful many fled their homes without
enough warm clothes and blankets they
thought they'd be able to return the US
is warning all Palestinians in Gaza are
at risk of famine more than half a
million people are already starving and
malnourished children especially those
forced to sleep outside are vulnerable
to
hypothermia leave me alone let me live
either you let me live or kill me I
don't want to see the tragedy of my
children when they say they want bread
and I'm unable to give it to them our
money has run out there is nothing left
it's either death by bombs and bullets
or a slow death from hunger and cold
camil nelc Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer